docs: update for default target change (#8223)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/index.md

- **Default:** `'modules'`
- **Related:** [Browser Compatibility](/guide/build#browser-compatibility)

>   Browser compatibility target for the final bundle. The default value is a Vite special value, `'modules'`, which targets browsers with [native ESM script tag](https://caniuse.com/es6-module) and [native ESM dynamic import](https://caniuse.com/es6-module-dynamic-import) support.

Reviewer: It reads better to me if we use ES Modules here, seems to me that is it the name of the feature and script tag is only one aspect of it.
```suggestion
  Browser compatibility target for the final bundle. The default value is a Vite special value, `'modules'`, which targets browsers with [native ES Modules](https://caniuse.com/es6-module) and [native ESM dynamic import](https://caniuse.com/es6-module-dynamic-import) support.
```
